so i want this website to be a low styles minimalist html document that does the following.

it's about paper. a0 is the load in screen, and the only user interaction is two absolutely positioned buttons (that look like keys on a machinacal keyboard or that you might see in a game) with the lett and right arrows placed adjacent to each other.

the a0 tells people that the a0 paper is defined as having 1 square meter area, and then it explains how the size of apper is calculated by the requirement that the ratio of side lengths in every half is the same, so as we go from a0 to a1 to a2, and half the area, the ratio of lengths is equal etc. whatever explanation is most simple but include a little maths to show it. and probably calculate the a4 size cause people are familiar with that, and show it against a0 and show the ratios are equal. also show a formula that comes from An (where is is the size number), and therefore the area is equal to 1 * whatever in terms of n.

then if a user clicks to go left, i want it to show what something double the size of a0 is and label that a(-1), a(-2), a(-3) so on and so forth going left, and a0, a1, a2, a3 going right.

for every size, i want to have a fun fact about something that is that size, so however many times doubled or halfed of the original a0. eventually we reach the smallest possible size planck length, and the size of the observable universe. i want the 64th one (i think thats correct) to be the story of the rice and the chess board. the rest you can fill in.

the only complicated thing i want is the one style (everything else can just be simple text on the page, a paragraph or two to explain the thing that is the current size). the a0 should have a complete black border (1px) inset minimum 1px from the edge of the page. as we go left and left again, or same for right and right again, or back and forth, the orientation should change from landscape to portrait as we half whatever the previous size was. i want to show the borders that imply where the next size up is if that makes sense. so on a0, which would be portrait, a(-1) would be landscape, and i want to see lines extending from the boarders vertically out of the page implying that the other half of the page is just above, and then for the next one they should be off to the right. so it's as if we are constantly halving and looking at either the bottom half, or the left most half, and the unseen half is overflowing out of the page, and thre half we've just zoomed in on has the new content in it. 

the one other thing i want is a bar adjacent to the left and right that spans the rest of the horizontal width of the bottom of the page that shows a number line of where we are in the scale of whole number doubles or halves between the biggest and smallest sizes possible/known to man.